bug - running command not in content (#60)
demisto/vscode-extension: README.md

* You can also run the commands directry from the explorer menu:  
![sidebar](documentation/changelog/0.0.3/sidebar.png)

> NOTE: You have to run the commands from a content-like repository, i.e. */content/packs/* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To use the extension, make sure there's a `Packs` folder at the repository root.
```
